got $5 and want to go to McDonald's too
bad you're going to starve you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you in today's video we are going to
talk about five bucks at McDonald's we
are going to look at what's happening
with food prices I want to talk about
inflation in general I want to show you
what's happening with Walmart I got a
lot to cover today this affects you this
impacts your daily life and I want to
show you what's going on right here
starting with this affluent consumers
are creating a Bubble at Walmart this is
interesting okay you can see this is the
Retailer's former US CEO okay so does
not coming from some random guy look at
this High income consumers may be
creating a frothy situation even though
affluent Shoppers help Drive the
retailers latest beat which I talked
about in a previous video the Walmart
experience is better than it used to be
but it's not a premium experience
Walmart is built on convenience cost and
assortment not on Service as the
economic challenges aate service will
become more important than convenience
and price and we'll see a shift back of
some of the consumers that's the bubble
all right that's what they're suggesting
anyway and I think that What's Happening
Here is they like any other have their
own challenges but clearly they've done
some very good things you know as a
business they have been able to
basically get into everything they're
now the biggest uh food supplier uh you
know food seller I don't know right now
the produce no what's the word they sell
more food than all the other uh places
why because they have so much
distribution they have stores in every
city I mean this is the way it goes
right and of course they could Source at
a very cheap price Walmart sales Trends
reveal huge problem for fast food
restaurants as a result fast boot
establishments have also felt the pinch
consumers continue to be even more
discriminated with every dollar that
they spend as they face elevated prices
in their day-to-day spending which is
putting pressure on the Quick Serve
restaurant industry M this is according
to the McDonald's CEO all right across
all major Market markets industry
traffic is slowing yeah well you're
charging as they say here 100% more than
in
2014 the prices have doubled you know
that it hits home because
a lot of people they are not you know
their salary over the past 10 years
maybe it has gone up quite a bit in 10
years but the difference now is
that you know that used to be a cheap
meal you knew you weren't getting the
most fantastic meal you know you weren't
getting anything healthy likely but it
was something hey I'm driving by I got
my five bucks I can go buy something uh
maybe not $5 in 2014 but who knows now
it's it's not the case I mean I've seen
so many examples where it's like $11 $15
$18 depending you know on the way that
you configure it that basically that's
that's a huge problem so I think what's
going to happen with this with as it
relates to both Walmart but but let's
talk about McDonald's is that they're
going to automate automate automate
we've seen that before but I think much
more widespread to keep their costs
lower now you might have heard hey I
thought McDonald's had this like $5
thing they were bringing back
well well uh that's the the challenge I
I'll talk about that in a second here
we're bouncing back and forth Walmart
says no more diners are buying its
groceries as fast food gets pricey
that's
right now um what's Happening Here is
they're saying I need cheap food so I'm
going to go to Walmart Walmart is seeing
the direct benefit of that direct
benefit it's roughly 4.3 times more
expensive to eat out that it is to eat
at home that's benefiting our business
so people are just saying no I don't
want it what about this McDonald's $5
menu is out and people are not happy now
so check it out okay this is was
interesting I thought wait what what's
what's going on what's the story here
the menu for the newly announced
promotion is rumored to include four
items for five bucks a McChicken a MCD
double whatever that is four piece four
piece which I thought was funny chicken
nuggets I thought it was a 6 and 20
thought I don't know about I mean maybe
every area is different but I think I
remember six piece nuggets and 20
nuggets so they shrink flated this down
to four nuggets uh fries in a drink
however there is a catch the $5 meal
will be running from the 25th of June
but the offer will only last around one
month so it's a $5 meal sale is that
what that is yeah well you could see
what's going on okay very big problem
people are just saying I can't do it I
can't do that so this's right here they
say a quarter pound quarter pounder with
cheese meal now cost an estimated 11.99
up from 539 a decade
ago right I mean you know times change
certainly prices do go up but that's
double that is a doubling in price and a
lot of people their salary doesn't
necessarily double depending on where it
was before it's not going to necessarily
even double over that 10-year period if
you're getting 3% raises per year you
know that food is a lot more expensive
to
you right so that's the kind of thing um
they're trying to do this they're trying
to do these promotions they know what's
going on they have to automate and
basically get rid of a lot of employees
that that's what they're going to do
that's what they're going to do so that
they can still have
some like I guarantee you right now
flippy the robot they are talking to
flippy the robot uh and they're figuring
out how to implement that in every store
it's key Europe must avoid disaster of
trade decoupling as it eyes China
tariffs what I'm highlighting here is
that if you think inflation's bad now if
they add even more tariffs onto Chinese
Goods inflation will go higher it won't
bring jobs back because there's too many
regulations companies don't want to
operate inside of the United States and
Canada and Europe because there's too
many
regulations and so they're saying forget
it I'm out of forget I'm just closing up
shop that's what's going to happen so
understand that you think inflation's
bad check it out okay credit card
delinquencies surge almost one in five
users are maxed out do you see the
problem I mean it's pretty clear right I
know you you guys already know this but
I just want to update you on all the
data now there's things that you can do
about it I saw the writing on the wall
many years ago and I started telling
people around me they didn't care they
don't do you think people like when
you're that guy y yelling and
screaming people
don't you know they're they're not going
to listen they're not going to listen
and so for me I was trying to tell
people around me they didn't want to
listen I started the YouTube and then
you know at least I found an audience
that cared so you know you got to wake
up to this and uh the honest fact is uh
this Situation's going to get a lot
worse it's going to get a lot worse the
RCMP okay think about that like think of
it like a high level police in Canada
they said I I did that video they said
we expect like in a 5-year period we
expect it to be a lot worse a spiraling
down that's that's an their own internal
document said that all right and it's
the same everywhere expect more
inflation no matter who wins the
election I mean that shouldn't surprise
anybody it's like oh will it be very bad
or will it be terrible oh okay you know
take your pick take a pick right um and
that's just a matter of fact it's just a
matter of fact because they don't cut
spending they don't cut spending they
you know they may apply the spending to
the place that you think it's better
spent but it's not cutting spending that
that would never happen absolutely not
right just just looking at this I mean
you could see where the money is being
spent it's pretty ridiculous in some
cases of course so much of it goes
overseas it's going to uh drop things
from $3,000 F feet in the sky it's going
to spy on you know your you and your
family I mean it's just ridiculous
inflation puts more retirees at risk of
running out of money yeah you thought
you were going to live on this fixed
income you'd be a okay but not when food
is double what it was before I mean you
can't expect people to live on on you
know crumbs but that's really what's
happening the in spending since 2021
shows how pernicious inflation can be
for those in or near retirement
especially since higher prices can also
erode the value of cash and fixed income
Investments higher inflation later in
life is often harmful to retirement
security you're going to have more
people that basically say well now I
can't retire and so they stay in the
workforce longer hopefully if they can
and now you can't have a young person
getting that job
and so you're going to have a real issue
number one there's going to be a lot of
health concerns there's no question
about that it's already gotten worse in
the last couple
years uh and at the same time people
they can't pay their bills so what do we
have we have Universal basic income uh
oh you know the cbdc love that
cbdc
oops First Things First Financial
education that's number one I released
the course called Compass doesn't cost
any money Compass doesn't even have
request your your email address nothing
you go to Compass the money gps.com
Compass 20 minutes you got a great base
of knowledge great base of knowledge
that I put into this course all I ask
for is a thumbs up on these videos
that's it that's it okay if you want
then to go more advanced certainly
absolutely I got my live sessions we
work together I help people build
businesses on the Sunday session for
instance okay
I go through this nitty-gritty details I
know what's going on in these businesses
I help people build them from the ground
it's the most amazing thing uh and I
hope that more people would get on there
so that I can do you know more I can
apply more effort that's what I want to
do okay uh but for you the individual
you need to figure out how to make more
income I just heard from a guy today as
I record this doing dog walking okay
the guy is uh doing house sitting for
the dog getting paid 120 a day sleeps
there eats there free then during the
day he goes out and walks other dogs so
it's not a huge thing okay the guy's a
young
guy
but it's unbelievable you're there
you're you you're doing all these things
working like crazy this guy probably
enjoys dogs loves it and what's he doing
he's making money from it and that could
be a part-time thing for you okay I'm
not saying to be a dog walker I'm saying
you got to think outside the box you got
to figure out what you can do because
things are changing fast things are
changing fast I hope uh that you know
you you you take this seriously you
start to get the financial education and
take the appropriate steps I want to
thank you for being here today and as
always I'll see you tomorrow take care